In this lecture, I will show you how we can access our instances, which is running on private subnet
from the instance which is running on public subnet.
So here you can see I have 3 instances.
2 are running on private and one is running on the public instance.
So I have already logged into my this instance, which is on public subnet.
So let me select any one of the instance.
So here you can see this is my instance, which is on private subnet.
So this instance is only having the private IP.
So let me copy this IP.
So here you have to give SSH EC2-user.
So this is a default user @ the IP address.
So here I'm getting permission denied because you have to provide the private key.
So the key which we had selected was this one ECS-demo testing-kp, So just copy this key and
come back to your instance.
And here you have to create a file.
You can give any name and paste your private key.
So without this key, you won't able to access your instance.
Now I'm going to fire the same command, and here you have to specify the key.
So and before to fire this command, make sure the permission.
So permission of the key it should be 400 and then fire this command ssh -i key.pem.
EC2-user @ IP so IP is 10.0.0.54.
So here you can see I'm able to access my instance which is on private subnet.
Now exit and let's see what is the IP of my another instance.
So this is the IP copy coming back and same command.
And here you have to specify the IP.
Now you can see that I'm able to access my another instance.
Suppose if you are still not able to access your instances, then what would be your troubleshooting
steps?
So obviously you have to look for the security group.
So select any one of the instance because the security group I have selected that is common for both
the instances.
So you can have different security group as well.
But at the creation of the cluster, I have chosen the default security group, so just check whether this SSH
port is allowed or not.
So click on your security group, which is assigned to your instances, your private instances, and
check for the rules.
So here you can see the SSH is enabled if it is not enabled.
So we just need to edit the inbound rules and from there you just need to add the SSH port.
So that's all we'll see you in the next lecture.